.
Skip to Main ContentSkip to Footer
SIGN UP & SAVE 10%
Track Order
Help
My Account
Language
KRW ₩
Chelsea FC Official Online Store
Search

Kits
Training
Shop By Player
Men
Women
Kids
Retro
Gifts & Accessories
Clearance
24/25 Away kit. early access. shop now
24/25 away kit. early access. shop now
24/25 men's away kit. early access. shop now
24/25 women's away kit. early access. shop now
24/25 kids' away kit. shop now
SHOP BY PLAYER
palmer
JAMES
NKUNKU
CAICEDO
KERR
BRIGHT
Crafted In Cobham. 24/25 Training Collection. Shop Now
we burn blue. 24/25 home kit. shop now
men's 24/25 home kit. shop now
women's 24/25 home kit. shop now
kids' 24/25 home kit. shop now
summer 24 fashion collection. shop now
Men's Collection. Shop Now
Women's Collection. Shop Now
kid's collection. shop now
Smart watch. Pre-order now
Flashback to '98. Black & Blank Out Shirts. Shop Now
Legends Collection. Shop Now
Official Blues Merchandise At The Chelsea Megastore
The Chelsea Megastore is the official online location for all your Blues merchandise. From authentic Chelsea FC kits to crested souvenirs direct from Stamford Bridge, this is a true fan’s first stop for officially branded gear. Serving fans around the world, the one and only Chelsea FC official online store now ships globally; so wherever you go, you’re never too far from your favourite club.

Get your hands on the complete Chelsea FC 2024/25 Home kits and Chelsea Trainingwear along with personalised Chelsea kits designed to include your own name or the names and numbers of Chelsea players such as Cole Palmer, or Blues heroes like Enzo Fernandez and Reece James. Showcase your support with official Nike training gear and streetwear fashion. And kit out your home with branded Chelsea FC souvenirs and gifts, available exclusively from the official online store of Chelsea FC!

To create the ultimate experience for every Chelsea fan, our experienced and knowledgeable customer service team is always on hand, offering the very best service for the most dedicated supporters. Our quick and simple pop out user interface also allows you to view best-selling products and equipment, refine your search and zoom in for a closer look at all our products. Find everything you’re looking for with clarity and security, all as part of the online Chelsea Megastore experience.

Customer Service
Help
Track Order
Size Chart
Worry Free Shopping
Promo Terms and Exclusions
Safe Shopping
Delivery & Shipping
90-Day Returns
Information
My Account
About Us
Affiliate Program
chelseafc.com
Stay updated on sales, new items and more
SIGN UP & SAVE 10%
Follow Us
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseCA Supply Chains Act/UK Modern Slavery ActSite MapCookie Policy & Management
© 2024, Fanatics, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities. All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of Fanatics.
